# CS348 Group Project

This application is based on datasets of movies and TV shows and allows movie and TV show fans to search, view, rate and leave comments for each movie and TV show.

# SQL
## Create the database
SQL Database is created by `sql/initial.sql`, which is used for creating tables, constraints, and stored triggers.
1. Go to the `sql` folder.
1. In the MySQL server, run the initial.sql by `source initial.sql;`.  This will create a new database called `CS348_Movie_DB` and all the tables needed and create a user with name 'user1' and password 'Password0!'.

## Load the sample database
Sample database  `sql/sample-data.sql` is generated by `scripts/scrapy_top10.py`, you can recreate it by running `python3 scripts/scrapy_top10.py`.
In the same MySQL server as in the creation section:
1. Type `source sample-data.sql;`. This will insert some sample data into the tables.
2. Type `source test-sample.sql;`. This will show the output for the 6 functionalities we have so far.

## Load the production database
Production database `sql/production-data.sql` is generated by `scripts/scrapy_top250.py`, you can recreate it by running `python3 scripts/scrapy_top250.py`.
In the same MySQL server as in the creation section:
1. Type `source production-data.sql;`. This will insert some sample data into the tables.
2. Type `source test-production.sql;`. This will show the output for the 6 functionalities we have so far.

## Funcionalties of MySQL
1. View information about the movie selected based on the name. (ex. `The Lord of the Rings`)
2. Find all movies with ratings in a specific range. (ex. `> 7.0/10.0`)
3. Find all movies directed by a specific director. (ex. `Frank Darabont`)
4. Find movies with `top-n` ratings. (ex. `n <= 10`)
5. Leave both a rating and a comment on a specific movie.

# How to start the data-driven application
1. Go to the `back-end` folder,
    1. type ` pip install -r requirements.txt ` to install all python packages,
    2. and type `python3 main.py` to start.
2. Go to the `front-end` folder,
    1. type `npm install` to install dependencies,
    2. In the same folder, type `npm start`, and this will display a webpage.
    
# Functionalities of database-driven application
1. View information about the movie selected based on the name. (ex. `The Lord of the Rings`)

# Members
Claire Sheng

Ganlin Feng

Junyi Liu

Yuming Long

